Derick Warshaw
Exercise 1
Programming 1336

1. Main memory or RAM is a volatile and temporary storage used to quickly access information. Secondary storage differs from main memory or RAM because it is a type of memory that can hold data for
long periods of time and is not erased upon powering down of the computer. An example of main memory is RAM modules. Examples of secondary storage are hard disk drives, solid state drives, and optical
drives.

2. System Software consists of Operating System, Utility Programs, and Software Development Tools. They are the programs used to control and manage the basic operations of the computer.
Application Software are programs that are most useful in completing human tasks like word processing, video editing, photo editing, gaming, and internet browsing. The main difference
is that you have System Software which runs the computer and regulates the "pulse" of the machine and Application Software allows the user to be productive and have fun while software behind the curtains
handles running the show. 

3. Application Software - Operating System

4. The CPU follows instructions based on machine language. High-level languages make it easier for humans to create programs because the language more closely resembles human language but it must
still be translated into machine language to be executable.

5. It is easier to write a program in high-level language than machine language because a high-level programming language it more closely resembles human language and readability.

6. During the translation process - if the program has no syntax errors then the compiler stores the translated machine language [object code] in an object file. This file is an unfinished program because it has not yet been processed
by the Linker which combines the object file with library routines [from run-time library]. Only after this has occurred can the creation of the executable file happen.

7. A logic error causes the program to produce erroneous results and could be an improperly written formula. A syntax error refers to an error in the syntax of the characters used when we write code. Maybe the programmer opened some bracket but did not
close it.

8. Programmed

9. CPU

10. Arithmetic and Logic Unit [ALU], Control Unit [CU]

11. Solid State Drive

12. System Software, Application Software

13. A set of instructions that tell the computer how to solve a problem or perform a task

14. Programming language

15. Machine language

16. High-level language

17. Low-level language

18. Portability

19. Key Words

20. Programmer-Defined Identifiers

21. Operators

22. Punctuation

23. Syntax

24. Variable

25. Defined

26. Input, Processing, Output

27. Input

28. Output

29. Hierarchy chart